h2. A BattleZone by GameMadnessInteractive fork

This is a fork of a game for blind and visually impaired written in "Blastbay Gaming Toolkit":http://blastbay.com/ scripting language.
*Note*: There's no graphics, only sound!
the original version as well as the discussion of the game can be found "here":http://forum.audiogames.net/viewtopic.php?id=3800&p=52.
Copyright В© the original code and sounds were developed by "Carlos Macintosh":http://twitter.com/KeyWasFull.
You can find out how to play the game by reading _user guide.txt_ file.

h2. 2020
* Made a data folder and moved a few files to it. Hopefully I can move more files over to it at a later date.
* Renamed ss.bgt to game.bgt.
* The level 5 boss works propperly now. I did not make any changes to fix this blitch, it seems to have fixed itself.
* Sarcastic messages when you get killed have made a come back.
* Changed some of the sounds, mainly some of the weapon and menu sounds. There are other sounds that have been changed as well.
* Now using the DFSpeech/DLG method of speaking text. This means that Battle Zone can now be played with Jaws or NVDA once again. DFSpeech was made by http://masonasons.me and found at https://github.com/cartertemm?tab=repositories
* Took out the old menu system and replaced it with m_pro, made by http://masonasons.me and found at https://github.com/cartertemm?tab=repositories
* Battle Zone now makes use of dialogues. To scroll through dialogues, just press the enter key.
* Battle Zone now has support for multiple languages. To make a new language, go into the languages folder. You can use the English file as a template. Remember not to add a file extention to your language file, or else the game will read out .txt at the end of the language name.
* New language: Spanish, (Google Translated).
* Readded enter sounds for the menus.
h2. Changes made by Menelion Elensúlë:
* Removed the @maxarmor@ restriction — no useless armor anymore!
* Removed the annoying evading blades sound — use the _V_ key more frequently instead
* Removed annoying life loss messages
* Removed bombs — they were quite instable
* Now each ammo pack that you can buy contains 30 ammo, not 10 — I think it's more realistic to pay 30 points per gunshot
* Now when you get an evade blades, nothing is said — the sound is enough
* Cheats: _F4+Enter_ gives you extra 250 lives, not just 250
* Cheats: _Del+Z_ gives you extra 250 armor, not just 250
* New cheat: press _Ctrl+Shift+I_, and every item gets caught automatically for you
* A potion now gives more health (between 70 and 120, not between 50 and 100)

h2. Plans for future:
* SHOP: Allow items selling, not only buying. When being sold, items cost half their original price
* ITEMS: Change all voice messages to sounds for extra points, lives, boobies etc.
* Code optimizing and cleaning
* Implement update manager from 13.4 branch or develop an alternative one
* Allow armor protection from boulders (you will need really lots of armor for this, and you'll lose lots of armor when hit by a boulder)
* Maybe make a Russian branch or a bilingual interface
* Provide a hints.txt file after gaining 50000 points

h2. Known issues:
* Level 5 is not working: to beat a boss, just press Spacebar. That was so before my intrusion, and for now I don't know how to solve this. Pull requests are welcome.